now the Lord had said to Abram get out
now the Lord had said to Abram get out of your country from your family and
of your country from your family and
of your country from your family and from your father's house to a land that
from your father's house to a land that
from your father's house to a land that I will show you I will make you a great
I will show you I will make you a great
I will show you I will make you a great nation I will bless you and make your
nation I will bless you and make your
nation I will bless you and make your name great and you shall be a blessing I
name great and you shall be a blessing I
name great and you shall be a blessing I will bless those who bless you and I
will bless those who bless you and I
will bless those who bless you and I will curse him who curses you and in you
will curse him who curses you and in you
will curse him who curses you and in you all the families of the earth shall be
all the families of the earth shall be
all the families of the earth shall be blessed so Abram departed as the Lord
blessed so Abram departed as the Lord
blessed so Abram departed as the Lord had spoken to him and lot went with him
had spoken to him and lot went with him
had spoken to him and lot went with him and Abram was 75 years old
and Abram was 75 years old
and Abram was 75 years old when he departed from Aaron then Abram
when he departed from Aaron then Abram
when he departed from Aaron then Abram took Sarah his wife and lot his
took Sarah his wife and lot his
took Sarah his wife and lot his brother's son and all their possessions
brother's son and all their possessions
brother's son and all their possessions that they had gathered and the people
that they had gathered and the people
that they had gathered and the people whom they had acquired in Haran and they
whom they had acquired in Haran and they
whom they had acquired in Haran and they departed to go to the land of Canaan so
departed to go to the land of Canaan so
departed to go to the land of Canaan so they came to the land of Canaan Abram
they came to the land of Canaan Abram
they came to the land of Canaan Abram passed through the land to the place of
passed through the land to the place of
passed through the land to the place of Shechem as far as the terebinth tree of
Shechem as far as the terebinth tree of
Shechem as far as the terebinth tree of mora and the Canaanites were then in the
mora and the Canaanites were then in the
mora and the Canaanites were then in the land then the Lord appeared to Abram -
land then the Lord appeared to Abram -
land then the Lord appeared to Abram - your descendants I will give this land
your descendants I will give this land
your descendants I will give this land and there he built an altar to the Lord
and there he built an altar to the Lord
and there he built an altar to the Lord who had appeared to him and he moved
who had appeared to him and he moved
who had appeared to him and he moved from there to the mountain east of
from there to the mountain east of
from there to the mountain east of Bethel and he pitched his tent with
Bethel and he pitched his tent with
Bethel and he pitched his tent with Bethel on the west and aí on the east
Bethel on the west and aí on the east
Bethel on the west and aí on the east there he built an altar to the Lord and
there he built an altar to the Lord and
there he built an altar to the Lord and called on the name of the Lord
called on the name of the Lord
called on the name of the Lord so Abraham journeyed going on still
so Abraham journeyed going on still
so Abraham journeyed going on still toward the south now there was a famine
toward the south now there was a famine
toward the south now there was a famine in the land and Abram went down to Egypt
in the land and Abram went down to Egypt
in the land and Abram went down to Egypt to dwell there for the famine was severe
to dwell there for the famine was severe
to dwell there for the famine was severe in the land and it came to pass when he
in the land and it came to pass when he
in the land and it came to pass when he was close to entering Egypt that he said
was close to entering Egypt that he said
was close to entering Egypt that he said to Sarai his wife indeed I know that you
to Sarai his wife indeed I know that you
to Sarai his wife indeed I know that you are a woman of beautiful countenance
are a woman of beautiful countenance
are a woman of beautiful countenance therefore it will happen when the
therefore it will happen when the
therefore it will happen when the Egyptians see you that they will say
Egyptians see you that they will say
Egyptians see you that they will say this is his wife and they will kill me
this is his wife and they will kill me
this is his wife and they will kill me but they will let you live please say
but they will let you live please say
but they will let you live please say you are my sister that it may be well
you are my sister that it may be well
you are my sister that it may be well with me for your sake and that I may
with me for your sake and that I may
with me for your sake and that I may live because of you so it was when Abram
live because of you so it was when Abram
live because of you so it was when Abram came into Egypt that the Egyptians saw
came into Egypt that the Egyptians saw
came into Egypt that the Egyptians saw the woman that she was very beautiful
the woman that she was very beautiful
the woman that she was very beautiful the princes of Pharaoh also saw her and
the princes of Pharaoh also saw her and
the princes of Pharaoh also saw her and commended her to Pharaoh and the woman
commended her to Pharaoh and the woman
commended her to Pharaoh and the woman was taken to Pharaoh's house he treated
was taken to Pharaoh's house he treated
was taken to Pharaoh's house he treated Abram well for her sake he had sheep
Abram well for her sake he had sheep
Abram well for her sake he had sheep oxen male donkeys male and female
oxen male donkeys male and female
oxen male donkeys male and female servants female donkeys and camels but
servants female donkeys and camels but
servants female donkeys and camels but the Lord plagued Pharaoh and his house
the Lord plagued Pharaoh and his house
the Lord plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of Sarah
with great plagues because of Sarah
with great plagues because of Sarah Abraham's wife and Pharaoh called abram
Abraham's wife and Pharaoh called abram
Abraham's wife and Pharaoh called abram and said what is this you have done to
and said what is this you have done to
and said what is this you have done to me why did you not tell me that she was
me why did you not tell me that she was
me why did you not tell me that she was your wife why did you say she is my
your wife why did you say she is my
your wife why did you say she is my sister I might have taken her as my wife
sister I might have taken her as my wife
sister I might have taken her as my wife now therefore here is your wife take her
now therefore here is your wife take her
now therefore here is your wife take her and go your way
and go your way
and go your way so Pharaoh commanded his men concerning
so Pharaoh commanded his men concerning
so Pharaoh commanded his men concerning him and they sent him away with his wife
him and they sent him away with his wife
him and they sent him away with his wife and all that he had